---
title: "Join the team, now hiring for three positions!"
date: 2022-10-28
excerpt: Madison based Center for High Throughput Computing is now hiring for three different positions!
---

The [Center for High Throughput Computing](https://chtc.cs.wisc.edu/jobs.html#full-time-positions) is now looking to fill
three positions on its team. Join a passionate group to advance the state of the art!

### [Research System Administrator (2 Positions Available)](https://jobs.hr.wisc.edu/en-us/job/512136/research-systems-administrator)

This is the perfect opportunity for a recent graduate or a candidate with a systems 
administration background to gain valuable experience managing large-scale Linux 
systems using Kubernetes and/or Puppet. You will work with a seasoned team
of colleagues to deploy and support the HTCondor Software Suite, which 
enables researchers to solve computational problems using thousands of
CPU cores.

[View Job Posting (early career)](https://jobs.hr.wisc.edu/en-us/job/512136/research-systems-administrator)

[View Job Posting (intermediate)](https://jobs.hr.wisc.edu/en-us/job/512137/research-systems-administrator)


### [Software Integration Developer](https://jobs.hr.wisc.edu/en-us/job/512194/software-integration-developer)

The successful candidate for this position will work closely with faculty, staff and students to solve a variety of systems integration and other small-to-medium computing problems, to provide dependable end-to-end capabilities.

The exact projects will evolve over time, but typical tasks include:

- Designing and automating complex software systems and software workflows for scientific computing
- Understanding and modifying legacy software systems that use scripting languages
- Analyzing manual processes, then designing and writing new software tools to partially or fully automate them
- Ensuring that systems in production are running as expected and handling problems as they arise
- Writing software that tests other software systems for correctness or efficiency
- Helping users by troubleshooting and supporting integrated software systems
- Write documentation and other user-support materials

Given the diverse projects that this position will support, flexibility is critical. Tasks may last from one day to several months, and the developer will be expected to juggle several projects at once with some support from colleagues and leadership. This is great opportunity for someone who thrives on variety and a fast-paced, challenging work environment!

[View Job Posting (intermediate)](https://jobs.hr.wisc.edu/en-us/job/512194/software-integration-developer)