---
short_title: "Fall OSG Training - DAGMan"
title: "Join Us For Fall Training - DAGMan: HTCondor’s Workflow Manager"
published: true
layout: events

excerpt: |
  Learn how to use DAGMan to automate your HTCondor job submissions. 
    
start_date: 2024-11-19
end_date: 2024-11-19
location: "Virtual"
link: "https://portal.osg-htc.org/documentation/support_and_training/training/osgusertraining/"
image: "/assets/images/events/christina-instructing.jpg"
header_image: "/assets/images/events/christina-instructing.jpg"
---

{% capture main %}

<p style="font-size: larger; font-weight: bold;">Sign Up for November OSG User Training!</p>

Sign up for our DAGMan User Training on Tuesday, November 19! Any researcher at a US institution can join this training.  No account is necessary. 

Hosted by the OSG Facilitation team, in this training, you will be guided through hands-on exercises to learn how to use DAGMan to automate your HTCondor job submissions. This training is especially useful for anyone who has constructed different job types and wants to be able to run them in a certain order. 

Training is a mix of presentation and hands-on. We recommend joining this training with a basic understanding of HTCondor job submission. 

Registration opens one month in advance of the training.

**[Register here](https://osgfacilitation.setmore.com/#classes)**

All User Training sessions are offered from 2:30-4pm ET on the third Tuesday of the month. 

{% endcapture %}


{% capture subsection %}
# Who

Any US-based researcher interested in learning more about the OSPool. 

# When

Tuesday, September 17, 2:30-4pm ET

# Where

Virtual

# Registration

[Register here](https://osgfacilitation.setmore.com/#classes)

# Questions?

We provide ongoing support via email to <support@osg-htc.org>, and it’s never a bad idea to start by sending questions or issues via email. You can typically expect a first response within a few business hours.

{% endcapture %}

{% capture endblock %}


{% endcapture %}

{% include event/event-page.html %}
